Which country was last to be affected by virus?
Which country was first to reach 1lakh cases?
Which country was first to reach 50000 deaths?
Which country was slowest to reach 1000 deaths?
Country having maximum number of active cases till now?
Country having minimum number of death ratio.
Country having minimum number of death ratio till september.
Country having minimum number of death ratio till between may and august.
State having minimum number of death ratio.
State having minimum number of death ratio till september.
State having minimum number of death ratio till between may and august.
Which month saw the highest increase rate?
Which month after June saw the highest increase rate?
Which month between September and December saw the highest increase rate?
In which month maximum number of new cases were found?
Which country saw highest number of death in the month of April?
Which country saw highest number of death between April to August?
Which day saw the highest increase in number of cases in the world?
Which day saw the highest increase in number of deaths in the world?
Which day saw the highest increase in number of new cases in the world?
Average number of deaths per day till now? 
In which month maximum number of new cases were found in world?
State having maximum number of active cases in USA till now?
Country having minimum number of recovery ratio till April?
Country having minimum number of recovery ratio between June to october?
Country having maximum number of new cases in May?
Which country registered highest cases in April 2020?
Which country registered highest percentage of population being affected?
Which country has highest number of deaths registered?
Which country has lowest number of deaths registered in the month of May 2020?
Which country has the best recovery rate?
Which country has the highest recovered population?
Which country has lost most of their population to COVID?
Which country saw the highest jump in confirmed cases between May and June 2020?
Which month saw the lowest recorded confirmed cases?
When did the highest number of cases were registered?
When did most people die because of COVID?
Which state of US was worst affected?
Which state recorded the lowest deaths?
Which month saw the highest rise in confirmed cases?
On which day, the confirmed cases increased the most?
On which day, lowest deaths occured?
What is the total number of confirmed cases in the upper hemisphere?
What percentage of the total population was affected by COVID?
How many people died due to COVID?
What is the overall recovery rate?
Recovery cases in Bombay, India?
which country has the highest number of cases in a single state?
which place has the highest number of cases in US?
state having maximum number of cases?
maximum number of cases in state Alabama?
Country having maximum number of cases?
maximum number of cases in country Australia?
total number of cases found in Afganistan?
total number of Cases found in Afganistan?
total number of case found in Afganistan?
total number of Case found in Afganistan?
total number of cases found in Colombia till july?
total number of new cases found in France in april?
total number of new cases found in Greece between april to september?
total number cases recovered in Hungary?
total number of cases recovered in Iceland till May?
total number of new cases recovered in Indonesia in May?
total number of new cases recovered in india from March to December?
total number of deaths in india?
total number of deaths in china till august?
total number of deaths in US in august?
total number of deaths in poland between august and december?
country having maximum number of deaths?
country having maximum number of deaths till june?
country having maximum number of recovery cases?
country having maximum number of recovery cases till july?
country having maximum number of cases?
state having maximum number of cases till september in US?
state having maximum number of deaths in US?
state having maximum number of deaths till june in Australia?
state having maximum number of recovery cases in US?
state having maximum number of recovery cases till July in Canada?
state having maximum number of cases in China?
state having maximum number of cases till September in Netherlands?
what are the total number of covid cases found in the world till september?
what is the maximum increase rate found till now?
total number of cases found in world?
total number of cases found in world till july?
total number of new cases found in world in april?
total number of new cases found in world between april to september?
total number cases recovred in world?
total number of cases recovred in world till may?
total number of new cases recovred in world in may?
total number of new cases recovred in world from march to december?
total number of deaths in world?
total number of deaths in world till august?
total number of deaths in world in august?
total number of deaths in world between august and december?
In which month maximum number of cases were found in world?
what is the maximum increase rate found till between july to decemer?
In which month maximum number of cases were recovered in world?
In which month maximum number of deaths were found in world?
Total number of cases in India till now?
Total number of cases in India last month?
Total number of cases in India on 23rd march?
what is the maximum increase rate found till between july to december 2020?

